Mention that no merged objects are provided for larger projects (#283)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/merged_objects.md

### Additional SingleCellExperiment components for multiplexed libraries

Merged objects are not available for any projects that contain multiplexed libraries.

> As there is no guarantee that a unique HTO was used for each sample in a given project, it would not necessarily be possible to determine which HTO corresponds to which sample in a merged object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because there is no guarantee that a unique HTO was used for each sample in a given project, so it would not necessarily be possible to determine which HTO corresponds to which sample in a merged object.
```
